So there's one last question.
Which of these should you use?
Now there's no black and white answer, really.
There's no one system that's better than the rest.
Like I said, from my experience,
I've had trouble with Python and Ruby,
but also I know JavaScript, I understand how that works,
and I'm gonna tend towards using MPM.
I like MPM because it works the same
on a Mac, Windows and Linux.
And if I'm running any workshops,
or if I'm going in to work with a company,
I know that it will instal nearly all the time,
99% of the time, across all three of those platforms.
Brew only exists on Mac
and it has equivalents on other systems,
like apt-get for Linux,
and there's like this Chocolatey,
I think it's called Chocolatey or something like that,
for Windows.
And Gems, really, I don't know enough about Ruby to say.
So, part of it is kinda personal preference
and part of it is just where the programmes are.
And kind of where your information comes from.
So I'm connected to a JavaScript-heavy community,
so I hear more about programmes
that are inside the MPM repository,
rather than the Ruby Gems repository.
So, I wouldn't say one is better than the other,
that you should just only use one.
I definitely recommend having at least Brew installed.
And personally recommend installing MPM
because it's my jam.
But otherwise there's no one that's better than the rest.
You know, it's whatever tool works for you, really.
So, yeah like I said, I recommend installing them all,
using them all, and just installing what you need.
Try and go back and kind of look at what you have installed
and try and get rid of the things that you're not using
if you don't use them,
because when you go to upgrade to another machine,
you want to probably bring along those tools with you.
So it's worth kind of keeping track
as to what you're actually using.